feat(storybook): update Storybook, move decorators to global scope, create helper for disabling centered (#163)
carbon-design-system/ibm-security: docs/storybook.md

# Storybook

> Storybook is an open source tool for efficiently developing and organizing React user interface (UI) components in isolation.

> The Storybook environment is a searchable, single source of truth for UI components, documentation, and example use cases on how to consume Carbon for IBM Security, alongside detailed information on props and their types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Storybook environment is a searchable single source of truth for UI components with detailed information on their props, documentation, and example use cases on how to consume Carbon for IBM Security.
```

> Addons enable advanced functionality including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storybook addons enable advanced functionality, including:
```
